Phase change tested and working (#397)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/physical_properties.rst

* The ``shear rate min`` parameter yields the magnitude of the shear rate tensor for which the viscosity is calculated. Since the model uses a power operation, a nul shear rate magnitude leads to an invalid viscosity. To ensure numerical stability, the shear rate cannot go below this threshold when the viscosity  calculated.

Specific heat models
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Lethe supports two type of specific heat models. Setting ``specific heat=constant`` sets a constant specific heat. Lethe also supports a ``phase_change`` specific heat model. This model can simulate the melting and solidification of material. The model follows the work of Blais & Ilinca [1]. This approach defines the specific heat :math:`C_p` as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lethe supports two types of specific heat models. Setting ``specific heat=constant`` sets a constant specific heat. Lethe also supports a ``phase_change`` specific heat model. This model can simulate the melting and solidification of a material. The model follows the work of Blais & Ilinca [1]. This approach defines the specific heat :math:`C_p` as:
```

.. math::

  C_p = \frac{H(T)-H(T_0)}{T-T_0}

where :math:`T` is the temperature, :math:`T_0` is the temperature at the previous time and :math:`H(T)` is the enthalpy, as a function of the temperature, to be:

.. math::
  H(T) = H_0 + \int_{T_0}^{T} c^{*}_p (T^*) dT

where :math:`H_0` is a reference enthalpy, taken to be 0, and :math:`c^{*}_p` is:

.. math::
  c^{*}_p  = \begin{cases} C_{p,s}\\
              \frac{C_{p,s}+C_{p,l}}{2}+\frac{h_l}{T_l-T_s}\\
              C_{p,l}
              \end{cases}

> where :math:`C_{p,s}` and :math:`C_{p,l}` are the solid and liquid specific heat, respectively. :math:`h_l` is the latent enthalpy (enthalpy realted to the phase change), :math:`T_l` and :math:`T_s` are the liquidus and solidus temperature. The underlying hypothesis of this model is that that the melting and the solidification occurs over a phase change interval. Melting will occur between :math:`T_s` and :math:`T_l` and solidifcation will occur between :math:`T_l` and :math:`T_s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where :math:`C_{p,s}` and :math:`C_{p,l}` are the solid and liquid specific heat, respectively. :math:`h_l` is the latent enthalpy (enthalpy related to the phase change), :math:`T_l` and :math:`T_s` are the liquidus and solidus temperature. The underlying hypothesis of this model is that the melting and the solidification occurs over a phase change interval. Melting will occur between :math:`T_s` and :math:`T_l` and solidification will occur between :math:`T_l` and :math:`T_s`.
```

> where :math:`C_{p,s}` and :math:`C_{p,l}` are the solid and liquid specific heat, respectively. :math:`h_l` is the latent enthalpy (enthalpy realted to the phase change), :math:`T_l` and :math:`T_s` are the liquidus and solidus temperature. The underlying hypothesis of this model is that that the melting and the solidification occurs over a phase change interval. Melting will occur between :math:`T_s` and :math:`T_l` and solidifcation will occur between :math:`T_l` and :math:`T_s`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where :math:`C_{p,s}` and :math:`C_{p,l}` are the solid and liquid specific heat, respectively. :math:`h_l` is the latent enthalpy (enthalpy related to the phase change), :math:`T_l` and :math:`T_s` are the liquidus and solidus temperature. The underlying hypothesis of this model is that that the melting and the solidification occur over a phase change interval. Melting will occur between :math:`T_s` and :math:`T_l` and solidification will occur between :math:`T_l` and :math:`T_s`.
```

> This model is parametrized using the following section:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This model is parameterized using the following section:
```
